Well, we can have a date night.
- That would be so nice.
- Who's here?
- Aunt Daphne!
Hi, baby girl.
Someone has been counting
the seconds until you showed up.
It is so good to see you.
I'm so excited
to do some crafts with you.
I made
some very good plans for us.
You made
some good plans for us?
Yeah.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday, dear Adrian ♪
It was
at some Chinese supermarket.
- Oh, my God.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
- Good to see you.
- Thanks.
Right on time, 30 minutes late.
I almost
did not come today.
Oh, no.
I just want
you both to know that.
- Uh, I broke up with Adrian.
- Well, that's...
And I quit my job.
And I'm living
in Billie's pool house again.
And everything's great.
Oh...
All in the last seven days?
Hey, more than anything,
I just feel, like, this
extreme amount of self-hate.
I mean, he loved me so much,
and he took
such good care of me, and he...
Like, I really thought
that he was gonna be the one.
- Yeah.
- You know?
Investing four years
into something?
Like, I'll just be
like my mom forever, just...
- That's not true.
- searching for a yes
and not finding it, but...
Maybe it's time
to take a break, you know?
- I mean, I know that's...
- Take a break from what? Dating?
a radical idea, but yeah.
Yeah, a break from all of it.
A break from dating.
A break from...
running and chasing
and, like, reaching out
for some outside thing
and just take time alone.
That thought's terrifying.
That's probably a good thing.
And, you know, if you need work,
why don't you just take
a couple of shifts here?
- I could totally use the help.
- Really?
Oh, yes.
There's a million things
you could do here.
Are you kidding?
It'd be great.
So six months?
- Six solo months.
- All right.
It'll just be me
and my vibrator.
And I'm just gonna
throw alcohol in there,
- because why not? So...
- Wow.
Wow, that would
be very impressive
- if you could pull off...
- Have a little faith in me.
- I have faith in you.
- I can do it.
I know you can do it.
I mean, I was just...
Look, I have to do it
for the next seven months, too,
so it's nice to have
a partner in crime, right?
We're gonna
go into warrior now.
So, um...
Yeah, so fill me in.
Like, let me know
what you've been up to and...
Yeah, I mean, similarly to what
we spoke about on the phone,
I was in... from Los Angeles
originally, moved to New York.
That's where I really got
my feet off the ground.
I've never actually worked
in a gallery before,
but I have a lot of experience
dealing with galleries
and understanding
how they function
and, you know, what people
want from the outside,
what people are desiring
from the inside.
And it's exciting to me,
specifically curation.
Okay, so you were in programming
at LACMA for four years.
- Yes.
- And then...
the Los Angeles Center
for Progress in the Arts for...
for six months? That's...
Yeah, it just
wasn't the culture for me.
Hmm.
Okay.
COBRA coverage.
This is Beth speaking.
How can I help you?
Hi there.
Uh, I just need to check
and see how long
my coverage is gonna last.
Can I get the contact
of your previous supervisor?
Um, Jed Hill.
Do we have permission
to call him on your behalf?
Hello?
Yeah, of course.
I don't know
why you're doing this.
I don't really know
why I am, either.
Hi. My name is Daphne Mirador.
It's so lovely
to speak with you.
Thank you so much
for taking the time.
Um, I worked for Los Angeles
Center for Progress in the Arts.
I have a lot of experience
in the nonprofit art world,
uh, bringing art
and creative expression,
whether that be fine art...
In five years,
I would love to be working...
I mean, I would love to be
working with you guys.
And that's really something
that I'm passionate about,
because so many artists,
as you know, are out there
struggling and
just trying to get by
and trying to make it,
and there's oftentimes...
Yeah, of course.
No worries at all.
I'll check back in...
in a few months
and see where you guys are at.
Yeah, n-no problem. Um...
w-would it be good, perhaps,
if I checked back in
in a couple of weeks?
Okay. Uh, s-sorry.
Um, do you happen
to know anyone else
who may be hiring right now?
Well, what do you want to be?
I'm whatever I want to be.
Trying to get ready
for the danger with this.
There you go.
Yep, that's your magic wand.
When I do this,
your thingie moves like this.
Fuck.
Hey, can I get
some quarters, please?
Oh, there you are.
Merry Christmas.
Same to you. Come on in.
- Ohh.
- Have you heard from Billie?
Uh, she hasn't told me
when they're coming.
Uh, yeah. No, Abby has the flu,
so I don't think
they're gonna make it...
- Oh, no.
- unfortunately. Yeah.
- Oh, I'm... I'm so...
- Looks nice in here.
Yeah. Uh, you know,
Carl has really let me
sort of... How do I put it?
My own personal touch
on this place,
so it feels much more like home.
I haven't been for a while.
I guess so,
like everywhere and there.
Mm-hmm.
You know,
who I did that for. Um...
sometimes not...
- what year and stuff, but...
- Yeah, yeah.
- Of course.
- Yeah. It's been, like, uh...
a month out of the year,
I'm flying.
No, I'm okay, actually.
- I'm not drinking right now.
- Why not?
Just need to take a break.
Oh, honey, this is
not the time to stop drinking,
on Christmas.
Here. Is Adrian
gonna meet us here or...
Um, Adrian and I broke up.
When did this happen?
Um, few weeks ago.
Wow. I did not know that.
I can't say that I'm surprised.
What do you mean?
Well, I... You know, look,
Adrian was a...
was a very lovely guy,
but he clearly
wasn't the one, right?
Time will tell.
There was no...
There was no fire.
There wasn't that passion.
Well, we had... I mean,
we had a great relationship.
You know, he's...
he's a wonderful person.
So where are...
where are you living now?
At Billie's.
Ah, right.
Well, my daughters
are very secretive.
- I had no idea.
- Not intentionally.
You can call us anytime.
You know that.
I'm really glad.
I'm glad you're...
you're with Billie and you
get to be with your niece.
I'm sure
she's thrilled about that.
Oh. All right,
I gotta give this to you.
I can't...
I came across this,
and I thought,
"This belongs to Daphne."
Merry Christmas.
Thank you.
Wow, is this the...
Is that your wedding ring
from my father?
I have a life with Carl now,
and, you know,
I came across that,
and I-I thought... I thought
it would make you happy.
Yeah, it's won... it's beautiful.
Happy birthday, baby.
Thank you, guys.
Thank you for being here.
- Don't even give me that.
- I'm doing shots with them...
I know. And look how you're...
You're treating me
like a 12-year-old child.
Is this why you quit your job?
Is this why,
out of nowhere, you decide to up
and leave your job last week?
- Why are you acting like this?
- We wake up every day,
and we do the same thing.
It's like we've been married
for fucking 30...
Honey, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I feel bad about not going,
but I... It's just so stre...
I'm just trying
to stay super Zen
- about everything right now...
- Yeah, yeah.
and she really triggers me, so...
You don't need that
in your life.
The baby, and I know
that it's important.
And then it's so confusing,
'cause then she's...
really wonderful,
but then I almost don't believe
the sincerity
of how wonderful she is.
You know what?
It actually wasn't as bad
as I thought it would be,
compared to other years.
Sent you
into the lion's den alone.
Are these going inside
or outside?
These are gonna go outside.
- All right...
- These ones are?
let's start with these. Yeah.
Have you guys ever seen
"Best in Show"?
Like, the dog has never won,
like, toy, and they flip out.
Hey, do you,
uh, got another one?
Oh.
Thank you.
Happy new year.
You ready?
- You ready for the new year?
- I actually am.
I'm very ready for the new year.
- Really?
- Ready for this one to be done.
That's good.
How do you know these people?
Billie's my sister.
Billie's your sister.
That's nice.
- How do you know her?
- She seems like a nice person.
I don't know her.
Uh, no. I'm here
because a friend brought me.
Uh, you know, and I didn't
have any New Year's plans.
I was gonna sit at home
and watch "The Pianist,"
but instead I decided that,
"You know what?
People sounds like a good idea
for New Year's Eve,"
so I'm here. Yeah.
Where's your drink?
Taking a little break.
Probably why
I'm in a corner by myself.
Yeah. I'll...
I'll drink for you. How's that?
Who are you hiding from
in that dress?
All right, that's that.
I just started to feel pain
listening to myself
talk to you.
No, that's because
you're in my suffer zone.
- Is that what it is?
- That's what it is.
Oh, dear God.
I never had a suffer zone.
I mean,
I suffer everywhere, but...
I would like to keep it
to a zone, if I could.
Yeah, you should
probably leave now.
- Oh, okay.
- Before I destroy you
- with my radioactive sadness.
- But you already did.
'Cause now I know you're here,
so I have to deal
with that fact,
but I guess I'll just try
and deal with it here.
This is good, right?
You're gonna have to move
another step. I'm sorry.
It's still too close.
Still too close.
Good of you to come.
All right, I'm gonna go die.
- See you later.
- Cheers.
Hi.
Mm.
- Daphne?
- Hi.
- Daphne? Yeah.
- Yeah. Hi.
- Jack.
- Yeah, how are you?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm good.
- How are you?
- I'm good.
You're a... You're a writer.
- I'm a writer, yes.
- You're a writer.
- I'm a writer. That's good.
- I know. Okay. Hi.
And you're an artist?
Well, I'm not an artist.
I work...
I work in the art world.
Okay.
Were you writing a book?
I was writing a book.
Did you read my book?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- What was it called?
- Yeah.
"Great Book."
- "The Great Book" by Jack...
- "The Great Book."
- Yeah, "Great Book."
- Jack...
Maybe, um,
it was by Nathanael West. Hmm?
Yes. Yeah, I didn't...
- I didn't read your book.
- Okay.
But I remember hearing about it.
I was about to ask you
why you're here,
and then I remembered
you're Billie's sister.
I'm sorry. That's so stupid.
No, it's... I'm really here
because, like,
I live in the pool house...
- Oh, wow. Wow.
- currently.
I should not have told you that.
That's a really
embarrassing fact.
- Now I know where you live.
- Why did I do that?
Well, that's dangerous. We don't
know each other very well.
I just admitted to you
that I'm living
in my sister's pool house.
That's fine.
What's wrong with that?
I don't know.
- What's wrong with that?
- Everything is wrong with that.
Unloading on you.
That's... That's cool.
That's fine.
Was it, um...
I don't know. Was it unexpected?
- The breakup?
- Yeah.
I would give anything
to understand
why I do things sometimes.
- He was one of the "good ones."
- Okay.
So that makes me,
I guess, the shitty one...
- No, no, no, no.
- in the situation.
I think everyone
feels like that.
I think, like, everyone
is juggling with this idea
of a bad person,
themselves a good person,
"Some things I did right,
things I did wrong,"
and then they're casting
variations of that
on the people that they loved,
and they have
totally different ideas
of what they think
they did right
and what they
think they did wrong.
So...
- You're such a writer.
- where...
That's not...
Yeah, yeah, okay.
- That...
- 9, 8...
- Here we go.
- 7, 6,
5, 4, 3...
2, 1...
happy new year!
- Happy new year.
- Another?
Another.
Another revamp on my life.
Okay. Happy new year.
Happy new year.
Want some Thai food?
Thai food? That's great.
- Thai food's great.
- Isn't it?
It's more like ramen.
I'm a good dancer.
What is it, skill?
Oh, yeah.
It's definitely...
Oh, that's good.
...for the reception.
Is it? What is it like?
All right, you're
gonna look, like, right in here.
Go get me an extra plate.
- Another, please.
- Oh, did I grab them all?
Sorry about that. I'm like,
"There's finally none."
What are you looking for?
- Huh?
- Happy new year.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Aunt Daphne!
- Hi, sweetie.
Do you think Ingrid will notice
if I end up just stealing
half the clothing items
that are in here?
I won't tell.
Have you always worked here?
Does that work,
like, in your relationship...
- I mean...
- to be together all the time?
I'm not getting paid.
So is that work,
or is that donation-based?
I think that's called love.
- Yeah, I just help out a little.
- Or leashed. It's one of them.
Love or a leash?
Nothing like that.
I'm actually planning
a trip to Ireland.
I was wondering
if you had anything green
that I could wear
to make me fit in.
Hi.
- Yeah.
- Just... Just casually shopping
on a... on a weekday afternoon?
- Yeah, I am. I can do that.
- Do you not have a job?
- I can do that.
- Are you just...
You know, I'm a professor,
so I can kind of do
what I want a little bit.
- Yeah. That's good.
- Yeah.
- Good to see you.
- Good to see you, too.
Yeah, I kind of was.
I asked Billie where you worked,
and she told me.
Fucking Billie.
Yeah.
I thought we should get a drink.
I'm not drinking.
- I know.
- Okay.
I thought... I thought
you could watch me drink.
Oh, that sounds so fun.
Yeah.
You know, you can have a...
a virgin tequila and soda.
They have that.
A soda water?
That's a so...
Yeah, take the tequila away,
that's a soda water. Yeah.
Do you want to have a soda water
and watch me drink?
Um...
My treat.
Yeah. God, I mean,
absolutely. I...
- Okay.
- would have to...
- Just friends.
- Yes. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, of course.
Yeah. Good.
- Great.
- Right.
All right.
- Good to see you.
- And you.
- See you soon.
- See you later.
See you later.
I think he likes you.
No.
Do not, please.
Do not tell Ingrid
that that just happened.
My lips are sealed.
One sec. Sorry.
That's all right.
Is it important?
You can take it.
No, no.
I'm turning it off.
There you go.
- Hi.
Just wanted to hang out?
Yeah. I don't know.
I felt like...
you know, I just...
I don't know.
I don't know why.
I just wanted to see you, and...
I feel like you're something
a little bit different
to other people,
and I wanted
good conversation and...
You know what?
If you, like,
stole a teenager's notebook,
- opened it up...
- Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
and add, like,
a little bit of form to it,
that's... that's
what my art looks like.
That sounds cool.
No, it's really not that great.
That sounds really cool.
I want to see it.
Do you have any?
I don't even know
what I would have to show you.
Um, oh, you know what?
I have an Etsy shop.
- You do?
- I do.
I-I used to be really into it.
I'd buy, like,
old ceramic teapots and plates
and then paint on.
- This is amazing.
- Oh, come on.
No, this is really great.
It's fine. It's fine.
No, I love it.
- Okay.
- This stuff, this is great.
Thank you.
I don't feel guilty
that I'm not married.
Don't feel guilty
that I don't have kids.
I don't feel guilty
that maybe I don't want kids.
You know, people put
so much pressure
on that shit these days,
and it's like...
- everyone's on their own path.
- Mm.
Doesn't mean that...
that we're less adult.
Maybe I-I'm jaded,
and I don't feel like there is
a world that exists
where you can have that fire
and have that comfort
at the same time.
You know, I like the kind
of liberties that I have.
I like that I'm not beholden
to some person.
I like
that I don't have to wake up
in the middle of the night.
And who knows what...
I'm at this very,
very weird stage in my life
where I feel like... Lighter.
Stick around for this one.
Um, I feel like I'm in a place
where all I want to do
is do the things that I should
have done in my early 20s,
like travel the world
and explore new culture
or maybe join the Peace Corps
or... Yeah.
I think there's something
really important about...
doing shit for others,
and I don't really know
what that looks like, but...
that's the phase I'm in.
I really want to talk
much more about this...
- Okay.
- but I need to pee.
- Okay. Go pee.
- You gonna be okay without me?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- I'll survive.
- Hi.
- Hello.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
- Take care.
- Yeah, you, too.
Hi.
Do you want a drink?
Can I get
a glass of water, please?
Oh, that's right. I forgot.
Still holding strong.
Standing strong.
Thank you. What's going on?
I should be asking you that.
I don't know what that means.
No?
No. Should I?
I don't know. You're...
You're kinda killing me.
What are you talking about?
You are.
You're making me all crazy.
I'm jealous. It's working,
whatever you're doing.
It's like...
A little bit confused right now.
My friend is Jack.
He brought me
to the New Year's party.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Okay. Jack's your friend.
Yeah, he's my friend.
I didn't know that.
Sorry.
You know what? I'm...
I should not be
fucking talking to either
of you, to be honest.
I'm trying to stay away
from men and alcohol
and everything else in my life.
Probably shouldn't have even
gone on a date with Jack.
Yeah, but you're not really
doing a good job of that,
so let's just move on
to the next thing.
No, I'm not doing
a good job of that.
Um, here's the thing.
I love Jack,
and I'm not gonna, you know,
do anything to fuck him over.
I just can't.
- Yeah.
- You understand.
Of course.
I don't need to be a-a wedge
in your friendship at all.
Nah.
It's gonna be all right.
And I don't...
I don't wanna deal with it,
but I... but I do.
I gotta deal with the fact
that now I know you.
Well, you don't really know me.
Doesn't matter.
I know you enough.
Okay.
So I should go.
Yeah, you should...
you should probably go.
- Okay.
Bye.
Thanks for the water.
You're welcome.
For the clarification.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah, I guess that's...
that's it, huh?
Goodbye.
Hope everything works out.
Yeah. No, it will.
It'll be great.
- Bye.
- Um...
Yeah.
No, thank you.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
Let me feel you.
Where you going?
There's this thing
I do with my friends.
It's called Still Life Club.
We just, like,
get together and paint
and, I don't know,
talk about life.
I really gotta go.
And it's... get together
all the time?
- Yeah, all the time.
- And then what happens?
Then we talk.
All right,
so can I come with you?
No.
I'm not getting off this floor
until you come back.
I'm just letting you know.
I'm staying right here.
You might be here
for a very long time.
Well, I'm serious.
How's the six-month
sabbatical going?
Um...
It, uh... it went.
And it went well when it went.
- Um...
- Jeez.
Okay, you definitely
owe me 20 bucks, Ingrid.
Oh, shut up.
You guys bet on it?
Yeah. I've, uh...
But it's a good thing.
It's a good thing. I'm...
I'm really mindful
of the dynamics at play.
That's actually not true at all.
I'm fucking...
I don't know
what the fuck I'm doing.
- We're done talking about me.
- No.
I just came in here
and stole the show.
What's happening with Roxanne?
What's going on with Graham?
I'm still taking in
what you're...
The whole point was
to change up the pattern, Daph.
It didn't... it didn't
feel right being alone.
It didn't feel right
not exploring
- both of these people, you know?
- Okay.
All right. Well, there you go.
Yeah. We'll see.
Oh, my God. What the fuck?
Hi.
Who are you?
Bart coming to say hello.
You look a lot like your Dad.
Oh, yeah.
- What's his name?
- What is it?
Bart.
- Bart.
- Bartholomew.
Ooh, Bartholomew. You're fancy.
Ah, this is your book.
Yeah.
You have so many copies of it.
Oh, they're
in different languages.
Bart looks terrified
in this picture.
No, no, no, no. That's...
That's the look of love.
No, it... he looks terrified.
That's love.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
No alcohol.
- Uh, you know what?
- Mm-hmm?
I, um... I fell off the wagon.
You did?
- I did.
- That's okay.
I mean, life's short, right?
- I agree.
- Fuck it.
To falling off the wagon.
I must have smoked 40 cigarettes
with you in two nights.
Sorry.
I don't usually smoke this much.
If we spend more time together,
one of us'll die.
How's your job search going?
That's what I wanna know.
Oh, God.
Ask my sister.
It's not going well at all.
Does she want you out?
Probably,
but I don't wanna leave.
I feel like I gotta...
talk to you about...
whatever. Frank?
Your... your relationship
with him, the...
Mm-hmm.
And I didn't know
that you guys were friends.
- Okay.
- Um...
What do you wanna know?
I don't know.
I guess just the situation,
- how you met.
- Okay.
Uh, if...
I didn't... Yeah, I just
wanna respect you and him
and don't wanna blur any lines.
Okay.
Frank's one
of my oldest friends.
I met him 17 years ago
when I moved here.
You know,
he's one of those people,
he's the life and soul
of every party, he's so fun,
and you need him around
most of the time, but then...
Hmm?
Then, you know...
What?
He's unreliable.
He's volatile.
He can be messy.
He owes me money.
But...
I love him.
I really do. I fucking love him.
I feel like
the last girlfriend he had,
she kind of drowned in him.
She drowned in him?
Yeah. I realize now that's
quite a weird way of putting it.
- What does that mean?
- I don't know.
If you knew Frank,
you'd understand.
We were together
for three years.
We traveled everywhere together.
We were in Senegal.
We lived in Paris for a summer.
She did a research fellowship
in Amsterdam.
I went to see her
all the fucking time,
and then we moved in together.
I was there six months.
We'd killed it.
What happened?
Do you really wanna know?
I do, yeah.
Uh, I saw
some of her used dental floss
on the side of the sink
in the bathroom,
and that was it.
It was the nail in the coffin.
I couldn't even look at her.
I know exactly what you mean.
- You do?
- I do. I do.
Fuck.
We can't.
Ah, fuck.
Sorry.
- That's okay.
- I didn't know where to go.
I'm gonna wash off
some of these potential kids.
Oh, creepy.
- Huh?
- Creepy.
Sorry.
Yeah? What'd you learn?
About colors.
- Ooh, you got to color?
- Yeah.
- That's pretty cool.
- I drawed...
Oh, can I have ice cream?
Yeah, but it's
really close to dinner,
so you have to promise me
not to tell your Mom.
- I won't. Promise.
- Okay.
- Hi.
- How much is it?
- Uh, $5.00.
- One scoop?
- Uh, yeah.
- All right.
- We'll just do...
- Thank you.
- Okay. Thank you.
- Thank you so much.
- Bye.
What about your ice cream?
What's that?
Wait. What?!
That was a great time at school.
Whoa. No.
Your sister living there
for God knows how long!
What does that
have to do with anything?!
The fact that she can slack off
while I'm working every...
Hey, you want to go paint?
- Shall we go paint? Come on.
- Okay.
Let's go make some...
Let's go make
something for Mommy and Daddy.
Well, that's nice.
Was this yours? Your mother's?
Was my mother's.
Was not really
a wedding ring, anyway.
Was more of a token
of my Dad's guilt.
He had another family.
You sure you wanna sell it?
Yeah, I'm sure.
Thanks.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
"D. One day,
you'll discover this note
when you least expect it.
And I hope you'll take a minute
and remember
who we were together...
We found each other
in this life,
and we'll find each other
in the next.
Love, A."
Thanks again so much.
- Anytime.
- See you soon.
- All right.
- Get home safe.
- Thanks.
- Bye.
Hey, stranger.
Uh, we miss you at work.
Wish you hadn't left us.
Um, I hope it has nothing
to do with that night.
You and I were wasted.
It was fun, though.
Don't worry.
I-I didn't tell anyone.
I know it's weird
since I'm your boss.
Don't want you
to be embarrassed.
Anyway, um...
- Adriana's?
- Mm.
I have not
been paying attention.
I can tell that you
weren't paying attention.
- I, however...
- You're so distracting.
I know everything
that's happening.
What's happening?
They are on this holiday,
trying to make shit right, but...
You're completely
making this up, huh?
Why don't we
just cover the subtitles?
We can just make our own film.
Okay.
You be him.
No, you be him.
Gloria!
You're her. You're her.
Oh, shit. Yeah, Juan,
stop fucking calling my name.
I'm not called Gloria.
Oh. What's your name again?
- Stephanie.
- Oh, fuck.
That's right, Steph.
- Who the fuck's Gloria?
- Stephie.
Mm. Indian food on my face?
There was Indian food
on your face.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
There's just an openness
when it comes to relationships
that I think Americans
don't tend to have
- or they're scared of.
- Mm-hmm.
Where you can have, like,
the whole "Father of the Bri..."
Have you seen that movie,
"Father of the Bride"?
Yeah, I've seen
"Father of the Bride."
- Steve Martin.
- Yeah.
But the idea
of having a big family
and people to take care of you
and look out for you
and all of that is so appealing.
So appealing, but then...
- this passion...
- Mm-hmm.
I feel like that gets lost
in the sidelines
when you have the...
I mean, it blows my mind.
I think
that's what makes you amazing.
You're great.
You know that?
- Jesus Christ.
- Aww.
Fucking cardigan.
So I'm thinking that I
should have a dinner party
before I go to Philadelphia
next week.
That's a great idea.
Um, do you think it's weird
if I invite Frank?
It's kind of awkward if I don't,
because he's looking after Bart.
Well, I can look after Bart.
Mm. Frank likes doing it.
I'll just stay here. I mean,
I'd take him to my apartment,
but no-pet policy.
Frank actually uses Bart
to pick up girls in the park,
so I think
he's gonna be pretty happy.
Anything else happen
with you two that night?
No.
You guys
don't still talk or text?
No.
You wanna do it?
No, go for it.
I have feta hands.
Okay.
Yeah.
Whew.
- Okay, let's eat.
- Please.
It all looks great.
That's like a thing right now.
I was screwed.
I had a smoking mommy
and a sugar dad.
There was no love.
Wait. You guys are sisters,
right?
We're half... we're halfsies.
- We're sisters. We're sisters.
- We're sisters.
We have the same Mom,
but different Dads.
I can see
the similarities.
She's funnier.
Actually,
we're gonna build a hot tub.
When we're ready,
Open your eyes, everyone.
- Aww.
Somebody was murdered.
- What?
- Massacred.
- What?!
- Slain...
in the middle of the night.
Good night, my dear.
- No!
- What?!
- Daphne, are you dead?
- Did you kill me?
- Daphne, you're gone.
- You'll never know.
- She's gone.
- Who killed me?
Okay, do we want to nominate
who we think might be Mafia?
It's the guy
dressed in all black.
- R-Really?
- Is it you?
Yeah. You look like a Mafia guy.
- Are you Mafia?
- That's not...
I've been very helpful,
I'd say, this entire game,
pointing at people.
Yes, I have.
Do we want
to kill him or save him?
- Kill him.
- He's Mafia.
- That's one, two, three, four...
- Jonathan.
five, six.
Wow, a lot of suspicion.
He was...
a townsperson.
- No!
- Oh, I'm so sorry.
- Aw, it's all good.
- Plot twist.
- Sorry.
Everyone, close your eyes.
It's what it is, you know?
- Mafia...
- Hmm?
you dirty devils, wake up.
Who would you like to kill?
Good morning.
Everyone wake up.
I'm so sorry
we have another death
in the middle of the night.
I'm so sorry.
Karma's a bitch.
- There is...
- I'm so sorry.
a baby inside of my body.
We'll take it out. Don't worry.
We had two murders.
You horrifying humans.
Ah, dude, good to see you, man.
Thank you, man.
Thank you for having us.
Drive safe, okay?
Bye.
Yeah,
that's definitely that guy.
Do people actually buy photos
of other people at garage sales?
I wonder if he knows
that these are even in here.
This would look cute
over your belly.
- You think? Ooh, elastic.
- In a little while.
It's gonna keep growing
and growing.
That's cute.
And also
do a little bit of this.
Ah, there you go.
You guys missing me
in your pool house?
Shut up.
So what's happening?
Nothing. Everything.
Look, you're never gonna find
the person
that gives it all to you,
so you just have
to find the person
that gives you enough of it.
What if you find two people
that give you
two different sides of it?
Yeah. Do you
see your future in there?
Whose face do you see?
I just see a bunch of skulls.
Do you see Frank's huge penis
in that kaleidoscope?
Oh, God.
I feel like maybe
Adrian was the one
and I should have
just stuck it out and...
I don't know.
Hi.
Hi. How you doing?
Good. I'm just...
painting Billie's
baby shower gift.
That's 100% the most beautiful
teapot I've ever seen
- in my life.
- Oh, come on.
How's Philly?
Philly's been incredible.
I was
on this amazing panel today
about creative destruction.
And the writer Kazantzakis...
and he says basically
this idea that destruction
is a prerequisite
for creative activity.
How fucking cool is that?
Tell me more. What else
is happening over there?
Um, I found out
that I'm a finalist
for this fellowship in Rome,
which, I don't know,
could be amazing.
Hi. I'm sorry.
You gotta take him.
- I can't take the dog.
- Really sorry. Please take him.
- No, you will take him.
- My building won't let me.
- Because I can't have him.
- What are you doing?
- And he wants to be with you.
- He really wants to be here.
- Are you fucking crazy?
What are you doing?
Take the fucking dog.
Sorry. I tried. I couldn't.
It was fucking...
Where...
Come with me.
You're gonna forget me
in life, aren't you?
You know what? You're...
You're gonna
forget me next week.
That's what's gonna happen.
It's okay if you do.
I could just stare at you
for fucking...
I mean, you're gonna end up
seeing some stuff if you do.
You gotta
turn it up a little more.
- How you doing?
- Oh, my God!
What's up?
- Oh, my God.
- Wow, look at you.
- It's so good to see you.
- You look... This is Daphne.
- My friend, Sydney.
- Hi.
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, too.
- Jezebel. What's yours?
- Jezebel. Okay.
- Hey.
- Hi, guys.
- Hey!
- I-I'm Daphne.
So I bring them
out here to this house.
Ready for the night.
I would say... I would say
anything's possible.
The Romans
were... were wise.
H-Hello, baby.
- Cheers.
- Thank you for having us.
- Cheers!
- Cheers to Bart.
- You're the man.
- Yeah.
- It's nice to see you.
- Whose dog is this?
That's my friend Jack's dog.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Do you know Jack?
Do you know who I mean?
- Don't think so.
- The writer.
Don't think so.
My classical chops.
♪ Come let me adore you ♪
♪ Adore your imperfections ♪
♪ Wolves still cry
To get attention ♪
'Cause my grandparents
emigrated during the Civil War,
so it's... in a way, I do have,
like, Spanish blood,
you know, filtered through
South America. I don't know.
Somehow, it's in there.
- You live in London now?
- Live in London now with mates.
Okay, and then where...
Sorry. Um, I'm from...
♪ Oh, life Is that... ♪
Yeah? Oh, I grew up with this.
- Go ahead.
- No, I'm not...
- Yeah, go on.
- 100%, that's not happening.
What are you saying? Do...
He's literally
just playing it for you.
Go on.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh, life ♪
♪ Is bigger ♪
♪ Bigger than you ♪
♪ And you are not me ♪
♪ Lengths that I would go to ♪
♪ The distance in your eyes ♪
♪ Oh, no, I've said too much ♪
♪ I've set it up ♪
♪ That's me in the corner ♪
♪ That's me in the spotlight ♪
♪ Losing my religion ♪
♪ Trying to keep up with you ♪
♪ And I don't know
That I can do it ♪
♪ Oh, no, I've said too much ♪
♪ I've said enough ♪
♪ That was just a dream ♪
♪ Oh, that was just a dream ♪
♪ Well, that was just a dream ♪
♪ That was just a dream ♪
♪ Oh, that was just ♪
♪ Was it a dream? ♪
- Yeah.
- Yeah, man.
Nice.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Hi.
Stop.
- Why? What's wrong?
- Stop. Just stop.
- What's wrong?
- What are you doing?
I was... I was downstairs.
- Why did you leave me?
- Me? I...
Come here. Come here.
Stop. Stop, stop, stop.
Stop.
Oh, God.
Don't fucking...
Oh, my God.
Eh, you're being...
you're being stupid.
You're being stupid.
Don't be stupid.
Come on.
It's all...
Don't be like that.
I said don't do that.
I know what you're doing.
I said...
I said my shit, you know?
Fuck. Fuck.
Shit.
My God. Oh, my God.
Abigail would,
like, feel any change.
- Oh.
- Hi.
- Are you okay?
- I'm so sorry.
Where were you?
Doesn't matter.
How's the shower going?
- Super fun, super cute.
- Yeah?
- Great.
- It's for you.
Oh, thanks.
Can I help with anything?
No, you should just
get some food or something.
We've already eaten,
but there's really good...
Jen made
a great kale salad, so...
- Yeah.
- Okay.
So yeah. So at least
you had, like, a time, you know?
- Yeah.
- A place where they...
- Who's the Lindsay Lohan?
- Billie's sister.
Oh, yeah. Wait.
She was in the guesthouse.
She was supposed to be here,
like, two hours ago.
- Really?
- She's always been such a mess.
Can you imagine
having a sister like that?
It's a very nice image,
you reading my book.
I fucking missed you
when I was away.
I missed you, too.
Feel like I want
to call us something.
Don't be sca... You look scared.
I don't mean to scare you.
What I mean, like in a, uh...
a different way
to what other people say.
It doesn't have to be
boyfriend, girlfriend,
doesn't have to be
anything traditional.
It's just...
Just feels right.
I like that.
Yeah?
Mm.
I just don't get it.
It's like one minute,
I'm having a panic attack,
and the next,
I'm high on the chaos.
Maybe you wanna rethink
the whole sabbatical thing.
Fuck, no. Nothing good happens
when I'm alone. Trust me.
How would you know?
You've never done it.
I-I know.
It shouldn't be that hard.
That's not making me
feel any better.
I'm not trying
to make you feel better.
I keep thinking
about this night.
It happened a while ago
when Adrian was out of town...
when we all went out dancing,
the staff from the Center.
Remember we used to go to
the Rabbit Hole every Thursday?
Mm-hmm.
We were so fucked up.
What happened?
That's a very good question.
- Hi.
I have an idea.
Uh-oh.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
- Hi.
Think we should
go dancing tonight.
- Okay. Yeah.
- Yeah?
- I think it could be really fun.
- Yeah.
You ever seen me dance?
No, I haven't.
You're in for such a treat.
- Oh, I can't wait.
- Yeah.
It was a great idea.
It's gonna be fun.
Can I get us drinks?
Uh-huh.
Let's go! Let's go!
- We're fine. We're fine.
- I got her.
Maybe just take me home.
Nah, my place is super close by.
Jed, stop.
Stop.
Shh, shh, shh. It's all right.
I can't.
What?
- Thank you.
- Hey.
- Can we go?
- You wanna go?
Yeah. Is that okay?
I know that's weird, but...
- is that all right?
- Okay. Yeah.
- I know...
- Okay.
So are we gonna talk
about why we left so fast?
Just starving.
That's it?
Yeah. Just hungry.
Hi.
Okay. Some very plain toast.
Mmm.
How you feeling?
- Pretty shitty.
- Yeah?
My class starts in 40 minutes.
I'm gonna have to go.
Yeah, of course.
I'll bring you some soup.
Sleep.
Woot, woot, woot.
"I call her
when I get home.
I don't know what to say to him,
so I just hold the receiver
to my ear for a minute
and listen to him
and say, 'Hello.'"
Hello.
Okay.
- Hi.
So we're gonna have
a little celebration,
'cause I got
some pretty fucking good news.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I got the Bella Costa
Fellowship in Rome,
five months, leaving in August.
How cool is that?
Cheers.
Wow.
I know.
It's... feels like a long time,
but I think you could come out,
like, every...
every month conceivably.
That is so amazing.
You've worked so hard for that.
What's going on?
Wh-What's wrong?
Nothing. I'm just...
I'm just processing it.
It's really...
I'm really proud of you.
Thanks.
Tell me more.
- If we're in Rome...
- Mm-hmm.
we can go to the opera.
We can eat pasta in bascaiola.
Mm-hmm.
Get out of the city one day
and take bicycles
and cycle in the vineyards
and drink wine.
Get back on the bikes...
So we got the results
back from the ultrasound,
and the baby is measuring
about half an inch,
so that means you are spot on.
You're about six weeks.
You are still early
in the pregnancy,
so terminating the pregnancy...
Whew.
- Hi.
Well,
I had quite the day...
yet again.
Jack, I'm pregnant.
Hey. Hey.
That's great.
Hey, that's fucking great.
Huh? That's so exciting.
Oh, my God.
It's okay.
Hmm?
I need to tell you something.
What is it? Come on.
Um...
Uh...
I...
Daphne, come on. What is it?
When you were out of town,
I went to Big Sur...
with Frank.
So this is Frank's kid?
No. I don't know.
I don't know.
- You don't know?
- I don't know.
That's great.
I should have told you.
What? You're so fucking sloppy.
For fuck's sake, Daphne,
you can't make
such a mess of everything
and use it as an excuse
for everything in your life.
This is a fucking baby!
Ah, fuck.
I think you should go.
You should go.
I'm just so fucking stupid.
Like really?
Okay, well,
it's not your finest hour.
I have this baby.
This baby will...
God, I would be
such a shitty mom.
You know what I think?
I think you're
gonna have a great life
if you have this baby.
And I think
you have a great life
if you don't have this baby.
I think you have
more power than you know.
I just don't know how to say no.
I don't know how to stop.
I don't know how to just
fucking be okay with whatever...
I have.
I just don't think
you understand.
- What?
- I don't think you understand
who's next in line
to be loved by you.
The baby.
It's you.
I think for most of my life,
I've used my childhood
as an excuse for my behavior
and my Mom.
But, um...
just tired.
I'm tired of hurting people.
It's just the same thing,
and I'm just so tired.
And the idea of having
to unlock all that shit
is fucking terrifying...
but I am going to.
And, again, I don't...
You know, I don't need
anything from you,
and I don't... definitely
don't expect anything from you.
Okay.
I don't know
how that makes me feel.
Like, I know when I
have this baby, if I've...
That's weird. Even if...
if I have this baby, that, uh...
I... you know,
I'm not gonna know
how to do things,
and it's not gonna
magically change my life.
But I do think
that it's given me
a reason to look
at things differently and to...
just fucking be
a better person.
I think it's great
that you're saying all this.
And...
I wouldn't be here if I
didn't want to hear you say it.
But I don't know
what I'm supposed to say.
♪ Oh, I will
Not give up on love ♪
♪ No, I will not give up on us♪
♪ We stand
In the Garden of Eden ♪
♪ I waited
To grow my hair long ♪
♪ I stand
In the Garden of Eden ♪
♪ I was alone, but I was
Thinking about you some ♪
♪ Now all that I saw around me♪
♪ Baby, was beauty ♪
♪ But violence all the same ♪
♪ Been dying
To hold you closer ♪
♪ But I keep choosing
Balmy nights instead ♪
♪ Singing
I will not give up on love ♪
♪ No, oh, no ♪
♪ Even when it feels like ♪
- Hey.
- Hi.
Why aren't you dancing?
I'm... I'm good.
I'm just watching.
Just wanted you to come up
and be with us.
Mom, please, please. I just...
Please let me sit.
You're hurting my hand.
Come on. Come on. I don't
want you to embarrass me.
Mom, please, please.
Just let me...
I want you out there
with your sister and...
Can I not... not dance
and still have a good time?
What's going on with you? Huh?
Nothing. I'm fine.
Just...
I'm good.
What's going on with you?
Nothing. I'm fine.
I didn't feel like dancing.
That's it.
No, everything
clearly is not fine.
You just stormed out of there...
- Mom, I didn't wanna dance.
- like I did something wrong.
I don't know what else
you want from me. I'm here.
I'm sorry that I
can't give you what you need.
I am so proud of you, Daphne.
- Mom.
- I am in awe of you.
- Do you hear me?
- I'm happy for you, Mom.
I don't think
that you understand
why I went from guy to guy,
as you say. It...
I... My whole life,
I've been trying to create
something that was stable
and sound and...
and I, granted,
made some bad choices.
It's okay.
But it was for...
It was for my daughters.
That was the whole reasoning
behind it.
Do... do you believe me?
Center for Progress in the Arts.
Hi. Um, Helen Crawford, please.
Hello.
Hi, Helen.
Uh, it's Daphne Mirador.
I used to work
at Center for Progress.
Of course. Daphne.
Uh, I was sorry
to hear about you leaving.
Yeah, me, too.
Um, it's actually
why I'm calling.
Uh, I...
I know
that you had H.R. over there,
um, a-and...
this is not
an easy conversation to have.
Uh, I just want you to know
that I loved my job
and I didn't want to leave,
but something happened that...
made me feel like I had to,
and I would like to explain why.
You can tell me anything.
Thank you.
Hey.
- Hi.
How you doing?
How... I mean,
how far along are you?
5 1/2 months.
I tried calling you
a few times.
No, I-I know. I'm sorry.
I-I wanted... You know,
I wanted to reach out,
uh, but, um...
It's fine.
So you're good?
Y-You're good.
You're...
- Things are good.
- I'm okay.
Yeah.
Okay is good.
Uh, I assume Jack called you.
No. No, we're not, um...
we're not talking,
actually, anymore.
Uh...
Was...
It's just other stuff.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Um, this is Daphne...
- and this is Lila.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, too.
All right.
It was really nice to see you.
Is it mine?
I don't know.
I mean, I...
"I don't know" is like...
What am I supposed
to do with that?
She's mine.
"She"?
She.
Oh, God.
That's great.
That's really...
Yeah, that's...
You know, that scares me.
Girls... girls scare me.
Just another... Just another you
to burn down the planet.
It's amazing.
I don't know
what I'm gonna do with her,
but I'm gonna figure it out.
I mean, it's gonna be great.
You know, you gotta...
you gotta teach her the basics,
you know...
depression, anxiety...
you know,
being hung-over, and...
yeah.
Gotta teach her to paint.
You gotta read her stories,
you know,
but the right kind of stories.
You gotta tell her the truth.
You gotta tell her...
You know, you gotta...
I want to be a Dad, you know?
I do.
Do you want to feel her?
That's crazy.
It's like magic.
You loved me then,
but I'm feeling it now.
It's so weird.
Feels like a star's light,
how it takes a long time
to get where it's going.
But it's here. I feel it.
You loved me when I
wasn't going to love myself.
You're amazing.
And I want you to be happy.
Love, Daph.
Hi.
Oh, what's going on, dude?
- How are you?
- Good, man.
Um, is Adrian around?
Oh, no. He's, uh, touring
India and Africa with Lanie,
said he wouldn't back for,
like, six months or something.
So...
Wow.
That's cool.
He'd always wanted to do that.
Yeah, man. Good for him.
Well, can I
leave this here for him?
- Yeah, I can give it to him.
- All right.
- Thank you.
- Good to see you.
- Yeah, good to see you, too.
I was so little.
You were so tiny, and now
you have feet like mine.
Where did you buy these things?
These are incredible.
Sweetie, I didn't buy them.
I-I made these. Look.
- You made these? You sewed them?
- This is so not great.
No, are you kidding?
This is incredible.
I can't wait
to put my little one in it.
Well, honey,
you don't have to do that.
- You're gonna...
- No, I want to.
It's so special.
I would love that.
It would mean the world to me.
You know, Daph, um...
if there's anything
that I can do for you,
anything at all,
um, you know, if...
if you would like to stay
with Carl and me for a while,
you know, just...
just so you don't have to...
do this all on your own.
And I could baby-sit.
- I would love that.
- I mean, if you don't
- want me to, I completely...
- I would love that.
Thank you.
Oh, wait. Look.
I mean,
physically I'm just so ready,
so ready.
And mentally, I'm just...
not ready.
Imagine that you're
in a field of flowers.
You can feel the warmth
on your skin from the sun.
You look forward,
and you notice there's a door.
So you walk over to that door,
but the handle's locked.
You have the keys.
You've always had them.
So you open the door.
A huge beam of bright light
shines on you.
Everything might not be okay...
but that's okay.
You're exactly
where you need to be.
You are loved.